libs/toolbox/README.md, before:

# AWAI Toolbox

Set of tools you'll always need. So, just `npm install --save @awai/toolbox` and have it always at hand.

## Str
Set of helper constants and methods for text processing.


### Accessors
Accessor | Description
---------|------------
empty | Empty string
englishLettersOrdered | Ordered set of lowercase English letters

### Methods
Method | Description
-------|-------------
capitalize(str: string) | Return a copy of the string with its first character capitalized and the rest lowercased
isControl(char: string) | Return `true` if char is ASCII control symbol
isDomainName(str: string) | Return `true` if string looks like a valid domain name
isEmail(str: string) | Return `true` if string is a valid email address
isIp(str: string) | Return `true` if string is a valid IP address
isLower(str: string) | Return `true` if all characters in the string are lowercase
isNullOrEmpty(str: string) | Return `true` if a specified string is null or empty
isNullOrWhiteSpace(str: string) | Return `true` if a specified string is null, empty, or consists only of white-space characters
isUpper(str: string) | Return `true` if all characters in the string are uppercase
splitLines(str: string) | Return an array of the lines in the string, breaking at line boundaries
swapCase(str: string) | Return a copy of the string with uppercase characters converted to lowercase and vice versa
wrapInHtmlTag(str: string, term: string, tagName: string, tagClasses: string[]) | Return source text with "term" wrapped by specified HTML tag


## Arr
Provides a set of helper methods for arrays.

### Methods
Method | Description
-------|-------------
bytesToFloat(bytes: Uint8Array) | Convert array of bytes into array of floats within range [0.0, 1.0]
first(arr: Array) | Return the first element of a specified array
isNullOrEmpty(arr: Array) | Return `true` if a specified array is null or empty
last(arr: Array) | Return the last element of a specified array
range(size: number, start: number) | Return array filled by range of integers
stringToCharArray(str: string) | Convert string into array of chars


## Random
Provides a set of helper methods to generate cryptographically strong random values.

### Methods (RandomBytesProvider)
Method | Description
-------|-------------
nextBytes(size: number) | Return array of random bytes
nextBytesAsync(size: number) | Return promise that resolves to array of random bytes


### Methods (Rnd)
Method | Description
-------|-------------
nextFloat(qty: number) | Return a random floating-point number or array of random floating-point numbers that is greater than or equal to 0.0, and less than 1.0
nextFloatAsync(qty: number) | Return a promise that resolves to random floating-point number or array of random floating-point numbers that is greater than or equal to 0.0, and less than 1.0
nextInt(min: number, max: number, qty: number) | Return a random integer or array of random integers that is within a specified range
nextIntAsync(min: number, max: number, qty: number) | Return a promise that resolves to random integer or array of random integers that is within a specified range


## Running unit tests

Run `nx test toolbox` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).

Commit message:

docs(toolbox): update README. generate new docs

libs/toolbox/README.md, after:

# AWAI Toolbox

Set of tools you'll always need. So, just `npm install --save @awai/toolbox` and have it always at hand.

## Str
Set of helper constants and methods for text processing.


### Accessors
Accessor | Description
---------|------------
empty | Empty string
englishLettersOrdered | Ordered set of lowercase English letters

### Methods
Method | Description
-------|-------------
capitalize(str: string) | Return a copy of the string with its first character capitalized and the rest lowercased
isAlpha(str: string) | Return `true` if all characters in the string are alpha only
isControl(char: string) | Return `true` if char is ASCII control symbol
isDomainName(str: string) | Return `true` if string looks like a valid domain name
isEmail(str: string) | Return `true` if string is a valid email address
isIp(str: string) | Return `true` if string is a valid IP address
isLower(str: string) | Return `true` if all characters in the string are lowercase
isNullOrEmpty(str: string) | Return `true` if a specified string is null or empty
isNullOrWhiteSpace(str: string) | Return `true` if a specified string is null, empty, or consists only of white-space characters
isNumber(str: string) | Return `true` if all characters in the string are digits only
isUpper(str: string) | Return `true` if all characters in the string are uppercase
random(size: number, alphaLower, alphaUpper, decimal) | Generate alpha numeric random sequence string
splitLines(str: string) | Return an array of the lines in the string, breaking at line boundaries
swapCase(str: string) | Return a copy of the string with uppercase characters converted to lowercase and vice versa
wrapInHtmlTag(str: string, term: string, tagName: string, tagClasses: string[]) | Return source text with "term" wrapped by specified HTML tag


## Arr
Provides a set of helper methods for arrays.

### Accessors
Accessor | Description
---------|------------
englishLettersOrdered | Ordered set of lowercase English letters
englishLettersUppercaseOrdered | Ordered set of upercase English letters

### Methods
Method | Description
-------|-------------
bytesToFloat(bytes: Uint8Array) | Convert array of bytes into array of floats within range [0.0, 1.0]
first(arr: Array) | Return the first element of a specified array
isNullOrEmpty(arr: Array) | Return `true` if a specified array is null or empty
last(arr: Array) | Return the last element of a specified array
range(size: number, start: number) | Return array filled by range of integers
shuffle(arr: Array) | Shuffle the array by method [Fisher–Yates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fisher%E2%80%93Yates_shuffle)
stringToCharArray(str: string) | Convert string into array of chars


## Random
Provides a set of helper methods to generate cryptographically strong random values.

### Methods (RandomBytesProvider)
Method | Description
-------|-------------
nextBytes(size: number) | Return array of random bytes
nextBytesAsync(size: number) | Return promise that resolves to array of random bytes


### Methods (Rnd)
Method | Description
-------|-------------
nextFloat(qty: number) | Return a random floating-point number or array of random floating-point numbers that is greater than or equal to 0.0, and less than 1.0
nextFloatAsync(qty: number) | Return a promise that resolves to random floating-point number or array of random floating-point numbers that is greater than or equal to 0.0, and less than 1.0
nextInt(min: number, max: number, qty: number) | Return a random integer or array of random integers that is within a specified range
nextIntAsync(min: number, max: number, qty: number) | Return a promise that resolves to random integer or array of random integers that is within a specified range


## Running unit tests

Run `nx test toolbox` to execute the unit tests via [Jest](https://jestjs.io).
